1. Solving any problem. One of the single main conscious rules is that speech is more in demand to be understood together, objectively, rather than massively. From the above, the reciprocity response becomes *increased. Merge, otherwise repeat the actions of that other object with which there is already a connection (* communication, contact). Therefore, be controlled and monitor without losing the overall picture. In other words, try to point out how to occupy your attention by forming a skeptical attitude towards the object, otherwise reason. Being vigilant does not mean losing anything. For example, if your toy or car is broken or stolen, identify the problem first of all in yourself. There are several channels for specifying the ownership of the problem, one of them is built through appealing to information and feedback from the public, in particular people. Try to take an action to clarify the information of the problem simply by making its formation in a public place. In case of a comment, you will always receive an instant diagnosis indicating your incompetence, carelessness, you should receive a signal about this problem expressed by directly or indirectly drawing your and public attention to the problem that has happened related specifically to you. This will be noticed by changing your attitude to the situation, the problem. Once you find yourself in the so-called * involuntary feeling of inactivity related to a particular problem or situation, you will be completely redirected to the stage of mutual perception and further indication of the way to solve the problem or situation by discovering the property of the public skill of transmitting information through Internet resources, on the road, in a club at a party or just on TV. The signal of your organization's employees is also typically processed through the above standards. As a result, your problem has every right to become an unproblemable one, since you have been clearly pointed out the problem, the situation. 2. A foreign solution to the problem. If unpleasant perceptions of the main advantages associated with you have been found in your attention, you should turn to the first point and monitor the expression of public morals at your request, in other words, you need to turn off the state of shame and take the will into your fist and do everything possible to receive feedback. The sequence of information received from the public and people can be completely different, but one way or another, one hundred percent of the problem and the situation will remain in the position indicated. 3. The source of the instructions. Probably, in the case of a complete detection of a problem or situation, the information received must be instantly understandable and generally accepted. Next, you must review the picture of the problem or situation on your own, without public attention and without pointing out the problem or situation by other people or as mentioned above by signs. 4. Consistency and seriousness. After a clear explanation of the problem or situation, your performance will return to a stable state, as it was before the problem or situation was discovered. A variant of the development of further events will be noticed, followed by the actions necessary to accept the implementation of paragraph 1. five. In order to take action, you will be redirected to a connecting series of events and so-called * paintings that, as such, may seem to have no end in sight.. That's the problem, isn't it? You will be required to make an end to the problem or situation based on the already available, and then completed information from the public and people. 6. The sixth button. Reactions to the problem, and the main point of this problem, you will be able to easily and quickly destroy after reading this test through careful, possibly collective mutual perfection. Don't forget about the help. 7. End the event by simply not tolerating the connection between you personally, society, and the world around you. He, she and they will not be able to change you and your already chosen trajectory, and you will have to easily and simply continue to work, get tired, sit and sleep despite carelessness, instability, slow reaction. Get closer to each other! 
